None
Master Balls
Ultra Balls
Great Balls
Poké Balls
Safari Balls
Net Balls
Dive Balls
Nest Balls
Repeat Balls
Timer Balls
Luxury Balls
Premier Balls
Dusk Balls
Heal Balls
Quick Balls
Cherish Balls
Potions
Antidotes
Burn Heals
Ice Heals
Awakenings
Paralyze Heals
Full Restores
Max Potions
Hyper Potions
Super Potions
Full Heals
Revives
Max Revives
bottles of Fresh Water
bottles of Soda Pop
cans of Lemonade
bottles of Moomoo Milk
doses of Energy Powder
Energy Roots
doses of Heal Powder
Revival Herbs
Ethers
Max Ethers
Elixirs
Max Elixirs
Lava Cookies
cups of Berry Juice
bags of Sacred Ash
HP Ups
Proteins
Irons
Carbos
Calciums
Rare Candies
PP Ups
Zincs
PP Maxes
Old Gateaux
Guard Specs.
Dire Hits
X Attacks
X Defenses
X Speeds
X Accuracies
X Sp. Atks
X Sp. Defs
Poké Dolls
Fluffy Tails
Blue Flutes
Yellow Flutes
Red Flutes
Black Flutes
White Flutes
piles of Shoal Salt
Shoal Shells
Red Shards
Blue Shards
Yellow Shards
Green Shards
Super Repels
Max Repels
Escape Ropes
Repels
Sun Stones
Moon Stones
Fire Stones
Thunder Stones
Water Stones
Leaf Stones
Tiny Mushrooms
Big Mushrooms
Pearls
Big Pearls
bags of Stardust
Star Pieces
Nuggets
Heart Scales
jars of Honey
bags of Growth Mulch
bags of Damp Mulch
bags of Stable Mulch
bags of Gooey Mulch
Root Fossils
Claw Fossils
Helix Fossils
Dome Fossils
Old Ambers
Armor Fossils
Skull Fossils
Rare Bones
Shiny Stones
Dusk Stones
Dawn Stones
Oval Stones
Odd Keystones
Griseous Orbs
cups of Tea
???
Autographs
Douse Drives
Shock Drives
Burn Drives
Chill Drives
???
Pokémon Boxes
Medicine Pockets
TM Cases
Candy Jars
Power-Up Pockets
Clothing Trunks
Catching Pockets
Battle Pockets
???
???
???
???
???
Sweet Hearts
Adamant Orbs
Lustrous Orbs
pieces of Greet Mail
pieces of Favored Mail
pieces of RSVP Mail
pieces of Thanks Mail
pieces of Inquiry Mail
pieces of Like Mail
pieces of Reply Mail
pieces of Bridge Mail S
pieces of Bridge Mail D
pieces of Bridge Mail T
pieces of Bridge Mail V
pieces of Bridge Mail M
Cheri Berries
Chesto Berries
Pecha Berries
Rawst Berries
Aspear Berries
Leppa Berries
Oran Berries
Persim Berries
Lum Berries
Sitrus Berries
Figy Berries
Wiki Berries
Mago Berries
Aguav Berries
Iapapa Berries
Razz Berries
Bluk Berries
Nanab Berries
Wepear Berries
Pinap Berries
Pomeg Berries
Kelpsy Berries
Qualot Berries
Hondew Berries
Grepa Berries
Tamato Berries
Cornn Berries
Magost Berries
Rabuta Berries
Nomel Berries
Spelon Berries
Pamtre Berries
Watmel Berries
Durin Berries
Belue Berries
Occa Berries
Passho Berries
Wacan Berries
Rindo Berries
Yache Berries
Chople Berries
Kebia Berries
Shuca Berries
Coba Berries
Payapa Berries
Tanga Berries
Charti Berries
Kasib Berries
Haban Berries
Colbur Berries
Babiri Berries
Chilan Berries
Liechi Berries
Ganlon Berries
Salac Berries
Petaya Berries
Apicot Berries
Lansat Berries
Starf Berries
Enigma Berries
Micle Berries
Custap Berries
Jaboca Berries
Rowap Berries
bags of Bright Powder
White Herbs
Macho Braces
Exp. Shares
Quick Claws
Soothe Bells
Mental Herbs
Choice Bands
King's Rocks
piles of Silver Powder
Amulet Coins
Cleanse Tags
Soul Dews
Deep Sea Teeth
Deep Sea Scales
Smoke Balls
Everstones
Focus Bands
Lucky Eggs
Scope Lenses
Metal Coats
Leftovers
Dragon Scales
Light Balls
bags of Soft Sand
Hard Stones
Miracle Seeds
pairs of Black Glasses
Black Belts
Magnets
Mystic Waters
Sharp Beaks
Poison Barbs
pieces of Never-Melt Ice
Spell Tags
Twisted Spoons
pieces of Charcoal
Dragon Fangs
Silk Scarves
Up-Grades
Shell Bells
jars of Sea Incense
jars of Lax Incense
Lucky Punches
bags of Metal Powder
Thick Clubs
Sticks
Red Scarves
Blue Scarves
Pink Scarves
Green Scarves
Yellow Scarves
Wide Lenses
Muscle Bands
pairs of Wise Glasses
Expert Belts
Light Clays
Life Orbs
Power Herbs
Toxic Orbs
Flame Orbs
bags of Quick Powder
Focus Sashes
Zoom Lenses
Metronomes
Iron Balls
Lagging Tails
Destiny Knots
blobs of Black Sludge
Icy Rocks
Smooth Rocks
Heat Rocks
Damp Rocks
Grip Claws
Choice Scarves
Sticky Barbs
Power Bracers
Power Belts
Power Lenses
Power Bands
Power Anklets
Power Weights
Shed Shells
Big Roots
pairs of Choice Specs
Flame Plates
Splash Plates
Zap Plates
Meadow Plates
Icicle Plates
Fist Plates
Toxic Plates
Earth Plates
Sky Plates
Mind Plates
Insect Plates
Stone Plates
Spooky Plates
Draco Plates
Dread Plates
Iron Plates
jars of Odd Incense
jars of Rock Incense
jars of Full Incense
jars of Wave Incense
jars of Rose Incense
jars of Luck Incense
jars of Pure Incense
Protectors
Electirizers
Magmarizers
Dubious Discs
scraps of Reaper Cloth
Razor Claws
Razor Fangs
TM01s
TM02s
TM03s
TM04s
TM05s
TM06s
TM07s
TM08s
TM09s
TM10s
TM11s
TM12s
TM13s
TM14s
TM15s
TM16s
TM17s
TM18s
TM19s
TM20s
TM21s
TM22s
TM23s
TM24s
TM25s
TM26s
TM27s
TM28s
TM29s
TM30s
TM31s
TM32s
TM33s
TM34s
TM35s
TM36s
TM37s
TM38s
TM39s
TM40s
TM41s
TM42s
TM43s
TM44s
TM45s
TM46s
TM47s
TM48s
TM49s
TM50s
TM51s
TM52s
TM53s
TM54s
TM55s
TM56s
TM57s
TM58s
TM59s
TM60s
TM61s
TM62s
TM63s
TM64s
TM65s
TM66s
TM67s
TM68s
TM69s
TM70s
TM71s
TM72s
TM73s
TM74s
TM75s
TM76s
TM77s
TM78s
TM79s
TM80s
TM81s
TM82s
TM83s
TM84s
TM85s
TM86s
TM87s
TM88s
TM89s
TM90s
TM91s
TM92s
HM01s
HM02s
HM03s
HM04s
HM05s
HM06s
???
???
Explorer Kits
Loot Sacks
Rule Books
Poké Radars
Point Cards
Journals
Seal Cases
Fashion Cases
Seal Bags
Pal Pads
Works Keys
Old Charms
Galactic Keys
Red Chains
Town Maps
Vs. Seekers
Coin Cases
Old Rods
Good Rods
Super Rods
Sprayducks
Poffin Cases
Bikes
Suite Keys
Oak's Letters
Lunar Wings
Member Cards
Azure Flutes
S.S. Tickets
Contest Passes
Magma Stones
Parcels
Coupon 1s
Coupon 2s
Coupon 3s
Storage Keys
Secret Potions
Vs. Recorders
Gracideas
Secret Keys
Apricorn Boxes
Unown Reports
Berry Pots
Dowsing Machines
Blue Cards
Slowpoke Tails
Clear Bells
Card Keys
Basement Keys
Squirt Bottles
Red Scales
Lost Items
Passes
Machine Parts
Silver Wings
Rainbow Wings
Mystery Eggs
Red Apricorns
Blue Apricorns
Yellow Apricorns
Green Apricorns
Pink Apricorns
White Apricorns
Black Apricorns
Fast Balls
Level Balls
Lure Balls
Heavy Balls
Love Balls
Friend Balls
Moon Balls
Sport Balls
Park Balls
Photo Albums
GB Sounds
Tidal Bells
Rage Candy Bars
Data Card 01s
Data Card 02s
Data Card 03s
Data Card 04s
Data Card 05s
Data Card 06s
Data Card 07s
Data Card 08s
Data Card 09s
Data Card 10s
Data Card 11s
Data Card 12s
Data Card 13s
Data Card 14s
Data Card 15s
Data Card 16s
Data Card 17s
Data Card 18s
Data Card 19s
Data Card 20s
Data Card 21s
Data Card 22s
Data Card 23s
Data Card 24s
Data Card 25s
Data Card 26s
Data Card 27s
Jade Orbs
Lock Capsules
Red Orbs
Blue Orbs
Enigma Stones
Prism Scales
Eviolites
Float Stones
Rocky Helmets
Air Balloons
Red Cards
Ring Targets
Binding Bands
Absorb Bulbs
Cell Batteries
Eject Buttons
Fire Gems
Water Gems
Electric Gems
Grass Gems
Ice Gems
Fighting Gems
Poison Gems
Ground Gems
Flying Gems
Psychic Gems
Bug Gems
Rock Gems
Ghost Gems
Dragon Gems
Dark Gems
Steel Gems
Normal Gems
Health Wings
Muscle Wings
Resist Wings
Genius Wings
Clever Wings
Swift Wings
Pretty Wings
Cover Fossils
Plume Fossils
Liberty Passes
Pass Orbs
Dream Balls
Poké Toys
Prop Cases
Dragon Skulls
Balm Mushrooms
Big Nuggets
Pearl Strings
Comet Shards
Relic Coppers
Relic Silvers
Relic Golds
Relic Vases
Relic Bands
Relic Statues
Relic Crowns
Casteliacones
Dire Hit 2s
X Speed 2s
X Sp. Atk 2s
X Sp. Def 2s
X Defense 2s
X Attack 2s
X Accuracy 2s
X Speed 3s
X Sp. Atk 3s
X Sp. Def 3s
X Defense 3s
X Attack 3s
X Accuracy 3s
X Speed 6s
X Sp. Atk 6s
X Sp. Def 6s
X Defense 6s
X Attack 6s
X Accuracy 6s
Ability Urges
Item Drops
Item Urges
Reset Urges
Dire Hit 3s
Light Stones
Dark Stones
TM93s
TM94s
TM95s
Xtransceivers
???
Gram 1s
Gram 2s
Gram 3s
Xtransceivers
Medal Boxes
DNA Splicers
DNA Splicers
Permits
Oval Charms
Shiny Charms
Plasma Cards
Grubby Hankies
Colress Machines
Dropped Items
Dropped Items
Reveal Glasses
Weakness Policies
Assault Vests
Holo Casters
Prof's Letters
pairs of Roller Skates
Pixie Plates
Ability Capsules
dollops of Whipped Dream
Sachets
Luminous Mosses
Snowballs
pairs of Safety Goggles
Poké Flutes
bags of Rich Mulch
bags of Surprise Mulch
bags of Boost Mulch
bags of Amaze Mulch
Gengarites
Gardevoirites
Ampharosites
Venusaurites
Charizardite Xs
Blastoisinites
Mewtwonite Xs
Mewtwonite Ys
Blazikenites
Medichamites
Houndoominites
Aggronites
Banettites
Tyranitarites
Scizorites
Pinsirites
Aerodactylites
Lucarionites
Abomasites
Kangaskhanites
Gyaradosites
Absolites
Charizardite Ys
Alakazites
Heracronites
Mawilites
Manectites
Garchompites
Latiasites
Latiosites
Roseli Berries
Kee Berries
Maranga Berries
Sprinklotads
TM96s
TM97s
TM98s
TM99s
TM100s
Power Plant Passes
Mega Rings
Intriguing Stones
Common Stones
Discount Coupons
Elevator Keys
TMV Passes
Honor of Kalos emblems
books of Adventure Rules
Strange Souvenirs
Lens Cases
Makeup Bags
Travel Trunks
Lumiose Galettes
Shalour Sables
Jaw Fossils
Sail Fossils
Looker Tickets
Bikes
Holo Casters
Fairy Gems
Mega Charms
Mega Gloves
Mach Bikes
Acro Bikes
Wailmer Pails
cases of Devon Parts
Soot Sacks
Basement Keys
Pokéblock Kits
Letters
Eon Tickets
Scanners
pairs of Go-Goggles
Meteorites
Keys to Room 1
Keys to Room 2
Keys to Room 4
Keys to Room 6
Storage Keys
Devon Scopes
S.S. Tickets
HM07s
sets of Devon Scuba Gear
Contest Costumes
Contest Costumes
Magma Suits
Aqua Suits
Pair of Tickets
Mega Bracelets
Mega Pendants
pairs of Mega Glasses
Mega Anchors
Mega Stickpins
Mega Tiaras
Mega Anklets
Meteorites
Swampertites
Sceptilites
Sablenites
Altarianites
Galladites
Audinites
Metagrossites
Sharpedonites
Slowbronites
Steelixites
Pidgeotites
Glalitites
Diancites
Prison Bottles
Mega Cuffs
Cameruptites
Lopunnites
Salamencites
Beedrillites
Meteorites
Meteorites
Key Stones
Meteorite Shards
Eon Flutes
pieces of Normalium Z
pieces of Firium Z
pieces of Waterium Z
pieces of Electrium Z
pieces of Grassium Z
pieces of Icium Z
pieces of Fightinium Z
pieces of Poisonium Z
pieces of Groundium Z
pieces Flyinium Z
pieces Psychium Z
pieces of Buginium Z
pieces of Rockium Z
pieces of Ghostium Z
pieces of Dragonium Z
pieces of Darkinium Z
pieces of Steelium Z
pieces of Fairium Z
pieces of Pikanium Z
Bottle Caps
Gold Bottle Caps
Z-Rings
pieces of Decidium Z
pieces of Incinium Z
pieces of Primarium Z
pieces of Tapunium Z
pieces of Marshadium Z
pieces of Aloraichium Z
pieces of Snorlium Z
pieces of Eevium Z
pieces of Mewnium Z
pieces of Normalium Z
pieces of Firium Z
pieces of Waterium Z
pieces of Electrium Z
pieces of Grassium Z
pieces of Icium Z
pieces of Fightinium Z
pieces of Poisonium Z
pieces of Groundium Z
pieces of Flyinium Z
pieces of Psychium Z
pieces of Buginium Z
pieces of Rockium Z
pieces of Ghostium Z
pieces of Dragonium Z
pieces of Darkinium Z
pieces of Steelium Z
pieces of Fairium Zs
pieces of Pikanium Z
pieces of Decidium Z
pieces of Incinium Z
pieces of Primarium Z
pieces of Tapunium Z
pieces of Marshadium Z
pieces of Aloraichium Zs
pieces of Snorlium Z
pieces of Eevium Z
pieces of Mewnium Z
pieces of Pikashunium Z
pieces of Pikashunium Z
???
???
???
???
Forage Bags
Fishing Rods
Professor's Masks
Festival Tickets
Sparkling Stones
Adrenaline Orbs
Zygarde Cubes
???
Ice Stones
Ride Pagers
Beast Balls
Big Malasadas
Red Nectars
Yellow Nectars
Pink Nectars
Purple Nectars
Sun Flutes
Moon Flutes
???
Enigmatic Cards
Silver Razz Berries
Golden Razz Berries
Silver Nanab Berries
Golden Nanab Berries
Silver Pinap Berries
Golden Pinap Berries
???
???
???
???
???
Secret Keys
S.S. Tickets
Silph Scopes
Parcels
Card Keys
sets of Gold Teeth
Lift Keys
Terrain Extenders
Protective Pads
Electric Seeds
Psychic Seeds
Misty Seeds
Grassy Seeds
Stretchy Springs
Chalky Stones
Marbles
Lone Earrings
pieces of Beach Glass
Gold Leaves
Silver Leaves
Polished Mud Balls
Tropical Shells
Leaf Letters
Leaf Letters
Small Bouquets
???
???
???
Lures
Super Lures
Max Lures
bags of Pewter Crunchies
Fighting Memories
Flying Memories
Poison Memories
Ground Memories
Rock Memories
Bug Memories
Ghost Memories
Steel Memories
Fire Memories
Water Memories
Grass Memories
Electric Memories
Psychic Memories
Ice Memories
Dragon Memories
Dark Memories
Fairy Memories
pieces of Solganium Z
pieces of Lunalium Z
pieces of Ultranecrozium Z
pieces of Mimikium Z
pieces of Lycanium Z
pieces of Kommonium Z
pieces of Solganium Z
pieces of Lunalium Z
pieces of Ultranecrozium Z
pieces of Mimikium Z
pieces of Lycanium Z
pieces of Kommonium Z
Z-Power Rings
Pink Petals
Orange Petals
Blue Petals
Red Petals
Green Petals
Yellow Petals
Purple Petals
Rainbow Flowers
Surge Badges
N-Solarizers
N-Lunarizers
N-Solarizers
N-Lunarizers
pieces of Ilima Normalium Z
Left Poké Balls
Roto Hatches
Roto Bargains
Roto Prize Money
Roto Exp. Points
Roto Friendships
Roto Encounters
Roto Stealths
Roto HP Restores
Roto PP Restores
Roto Boosts
Roto Catches
Health Candies
Mighty Candies
Tough Candies
Smart Candies
Courage Candies
Quick Candies
Health Candies L
Mighty Candies L
Tough Candies L
Smart Candies L
Courage Candies L
Quick Candies L
Health Candies XL
Mighty Candies XL
Tough Candies XL
Smart Candies XL
Courage Candies XL
Quick Candies XL
Bulbasaur Candies
Charmander Candies
Squirtle Candies
Caterpie Candies
Weedle Candies
Pidgey Candies
Rattata Candies
Spearow Candies
Ekans Candies
Pikachu Candies
Sandshrew Candies
Nidoran♀ Candies
Nidoran♂ Candies
Clefairy Candies
Vulpix Candies
Jigglypuff Candies
Zubat Candies
Oddish Candies
Paras Candies
Venonat Candies
Diglett Candies
Meowth Candies
Psyduck Candies
Mankey Candies
Growlithe Candies
Poliwag Candies
Abra Candies
Machop Candies
Bellsprout Candies
Tentacool Candies
Geodude Candies
Ponyta Candies
Slowpoke Candies
Magnemite Candies
Farfetch'd Candies
Doduo Candies
Seel Candies
Grimer Candies
Shellder Candies
Gastly Candies
Onix Candies
Drowzee Candies
Krabby Candies
Voltorb Candies
Exeggcute Candies
Cubone Candies
Hitmonlee Candies
Hitmonchan Candies
Lickitung Candies
Koffing Candies
Rhyhorn Candies
Chansey Candies
Tangela Candies
Kangaskhan Candies
Horsea Candies
Goldeen Candies
Staryu Candies
Mr. Mime Candies
Scyther Candies
Jynx Candies
Electabuzz Candies
Pinsir Candies
Tauros Candies
Magikarp Candies
Lapras Candies
Ditto Candies
Eevee Candies
Porygon Candies
Omanyte Candies
Kabuto Candies
Aerodactyl Candies
Snorlax Candies
Articuno Candies
Zapdos Candies
Moltres Candies
Dratini Candies
Mewtwo Candies
Mew Candies
Meltan Candies
Magmar Candies
